Hi welcome to blender 2.8.
Game character creation.
I'm Darren Lyle a Blender Foundation certified trainer and in this course we're going to create this
character and one of the cool things about it is that we're going to incorporate both blenders 3D tools
here and the new 2D grease pencil animation as well so that in one interface we can animate both the
3D body and the 2D face.
It's a lot of fun and it's worth checking out.
In addition we'll take this character into unity and set him up as a game character so that when we
run the game right here we'll be able to run the character around the environment jump and just have
some fun with him.
Now all the resource files are included with this course.
So the Unity project the blender scene files are all included as well as the textures and the sprite
sheets that we create for the 2D base animations we go through a lot of material in this course from
modeling and texturing rigging animation and even writing a C sharp script in unity so the Course does
assume at least some experience with Blender and unity but we'll go through every part of the process
step by step.
So hopefully it's a smooth learning curve right through the end of the process creating a character
like this is always a lot of fun.
So if you're ready let's get started.